DataStore documentation revamp (Getting Started) Part 1/2 (#1827)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/datastore/fragments/js/getting-started/50_initDataStore.md

> When the `@aws-amplify/data-store` dependency is added to  the project, the plugin is automatic initialized when you start using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `@aws-amplify/datastore` dependency is added to  the project, the plugin is automatic initialized when you start using.
```
